---
layout: blog
title:  After the Ending & Before the Beginning
category: daisy
excerpt: I love life.
tags: daisy
---
At the week before last week, I left the last company. Compare to my friends, it seems that I was easier. Everyone who work at that company know my idea when I moved out to rent for myself. And I have finished all task at my position. I really need a big enviroment to practice and improve myself. And I thank my past leader that they can understand me really. It is indeed something rare and deserving praise. LOL...  

After it, I take off for myself about a week. Had more than one and half years since I enter my careers. I really take congnizance of the value of time. When you concentrate on the job, day and day, week and week, so fast. The rest time is more precious. So, if anyone spend the rest time with you and willing to go anywhere on weekends. Just cherish them , your present and future. If you like or love somebody, try to spend with them. Not only your girlfriend or boyfriend, but also your parents and grandparents when they are live in world.

At the week I take off, I wake up at 7:00 am habitually, and get up at about 9:00 am .Then take some breakfast easily. Sometimes play games, sometimes look up technology of dry cargo, sometimes just in a daze. I buy lots of vegetables and cook some dish I want. In a afternoon, I cook two dish - Mapo Tofu and Wax Gourd Tofu. 233333 . Really funny. Buy really delicous.   

But after some days, I feel really bored. Becanuse in Beijing, I have only several friends. Of course, they are all working. I also don't want to anywhere in myself. Everyday, I just stay at home with myself. On the other hand, if I can't deal with my social security before 25th of this month. It will break. Although I don't want to develop long-term in Beijing. It's better than that. So in this week, I make up my mind to apply for a job.  

In fact, before I left the last office, I has been ready the projects for interview. And at the week I take off, I prepared the resume. On Tuesday, I hand in several resume through the Internet in Lagou. Such as Drops taxi、 Sina、Meituan. Without doubt, my resume was refused. I know I have no ability to work for them. I know the fact. But in this fashion, I can keep calm to study hard to improve myself.I can't be prone to extravagant fancies. In the past, I really arrogant. Today I need to precipitate.  

Come on, guy!

