---
layout: blog
title:  Some Recent Things
category: daisy
excerpt: ...
tags: daisy
---
---  
There is really too many things lately. In my company where I'm working now, my two good friends have quit here on after another. The specific reason is too cumbersome to be said.  
As for me, last Friday, I also submitted my resignation application. I think I need better enviroment to practice and improve my front-end vocational skills. And at the week before last, 
I make a move from the house near the company where my company provide for the employee to the new house where I rent with my college friend who just graduated. Because when I want to jump , it's embarrassed to continue live in the old house. When I make the move, I believe my colleagues now all know my purpose. So when I submitted my application, none of them is surprised.  

These days I will arrange my project and put some representative codes up my personal website for the future interview. And there is some scrappy follow-up work need to deal. After this, I hope I can get a job that I can work with group that is profession FEers. I need to catch up with the new techonogy.  

At the new house, I almost get up at about 7:00am , come back home at about 7:30pm ,then cook the dinner for myself and my roommate. Sometimes, when he work overtime, I attempt to cook some dish that I haven't do. I really enjoy cooking. I feel I eat much more than before obviously. Just it's really delicious. Ha-ha!!! I also have a small desire that I hope one day when I go home, there is a hearty dinner waitting for me.  

Ok, that's all for today!

Love you, my dear Miss Jiang!  

---  

> 禁止转载   

