---
layout: blog
title:  Usual Sunday
category: daisy
excerpt: just..
tags: daisy
---
---  
As usual，today I get up at about 7:30am ,with tired body and dry left eye and right eye .Not because did how busy job. All the reason is that I read the 《re0》until 2:00 am of today. It's been so long since I was addicted to a novel. So, it's really wonderful Admittedly. Dimension and time has irresisible magic.  

But, today's purport is to pick up little brother named Ziwen Jiang. In every sense, he is also an important friend. So, even though I can make a lie avoid today's trip, I can't do it really. I also want to keep some fiendship. If you want, and you have to pay. Time, energy and so on...  

After meet together, we got to the place where Mr Jiang will put up in the coming days. Although I had lived in Beijing more than one year, I was also astounded at the scene ----- about twenty people live in a room. The natual result is sharp smell. Yes, very sharp. In my eyes, this friend has nice environment at home. I don't know if he can stand this. At next second, the answer was no, but he also acceptted this hard spot. That was not to matter. Just lived here for the occasion. We will rent a comfortable room in future.  

Then we walked around for some time, help him shopped some daily supplies. At last, left my IC card for him and handled a new card to came back to my house.  
I don't know what to write, just feel that I have to work hard for my life, too.  

In the end, Long live Rem.
